
Emilie made some new launch files which introduced `ImageFormatConverterNode` which caused our apps to crash with CUDA error in nvblox.

As I started to investigate it started to look eerily similar to our nvblox+VSLAM GXF error.

Here's the tools I tried to find the error, the reasoning and the results:

- **Cuda context printing:** I printed the context at the start of all nvblox callbacks. It is stable (i.e. it doesn't change) up until the crash.
- **Compute sanitizer:** The crash disappears.
- **Move to single threaded execution:** _I did this because I thought that even though I print the context at the start of each callback, it could be changed in another thread under nvblox while it's running._ Result: Crash disappears!
- **Nsight:** No context switches. Nothing that I could see that was suspicious.
- **CUDA GDB:** Revealed the same issue we were seeing in GXF with the keypoint sorting error.

To me this is exactly what we saw in GXF. The last bit of output is:
```bash
[cuda-gdb-1] [INFO] [1686669095.474409188] [visual_slam_node]: Time taken by CUVSLAM_CreateTracker(): 0.277736
[cuda-gdb-1] [New Thread 0x7ffe617fd700 (LWP 60394)]
[cuda-gdb-1] [New Thread 0x7ffe60ffc700 (LWP 60395)]
[cuda-gdb-1] [New Thread 0x7ffe59fff700 (LWP 60396)]
[cuda-gdb-1] [New Thread 0x7ffe597fe700 (LWP 60397)]
[cuda-gdb-1] [New Thread 0x7ffe58ffd700 (LWP 60398)]
[cuda-gdb-1] [New Thread 0x7ffe51fff700 (LWP 60399)]
[cuda-gdb-1] [New Thread 0x7ffe517fe700 (LWP 60400)]
[cuda-gdb-1] [New Thread 0x7ffe50ffd700 (LWP 60401)]
[cuda-gdb-1] 
[cuda-gdb-1] CUDA Exception: Warp Out-of-range Address
[cuda-gdb-1] The exception was triggered at PC 0x7fff333c9150
[cuda-gdb-1] 
[cuda-gdb-1] Thread 16 "component_conta" received signal CUDA_EXCEPTION_5, Warp Out-of-range Address.
[cuda-gdb-1] [Switching focus to CUDA kernel 0, grid 43, block (0,0,0), thread (160,0,0), device 0, sm 0, warp 4, lane 0]
[cuda-gdb-1] 0x00007fff333c9160 in void cub::DeviceMergeSortBlockSortKernel<false, cub::DeviceMergeSortPolicy<Keypoint*>::Policy600, Keypoint*, cub::NullType*, Keypoint*, cub::NullType*, unsigned long, KeypointGreater, Keypoint, cub::NullType>(bool, Keypoint*, cub::NullType*, Keypoint*, cub::NullType*, unsigned long, Keypoint*, cub::NullType*, KeypointGreater, char*)<<<(4,1,1),(256,1,1)>>> ()
```

## Back to `envoy-dev`
I was wondering why this was only happening on Emilie's branch, so I switched to `envoy-dev` and ran our normal launchfile under `cuda-gdb`, and we hit the keypoint sorting issue there too. I'm not sure how to interpret that result in terms of the Emilie's error. It kind of points to them being unrelated...

It points to there being two bugs here:
1. Keypoint sorting which is caught by `cuda-gdb`
2. Some undiagnosed issue when `ImageFormatConverterNode` is added to the system.
Of course it's possible that issue 1. affects the `ImageFormatConverterNode` and causes the issue...  In the same way it crashes us in GXF.I would say that until the keypoint sorting is solved I'm a bit out of ideas of how to diagnose Emilie's issue. The only tool that flags anything, flags the keypoint thing.

## Repro
There are two branches on which to repro Emilie's error
- `repro/image_proc_bug` Minimal demonstration of crash
- `repro/image_proc_bug_with_gdb` Launches in GDB
- `repro/keypoint_sorting_cuda_gdb` Keypoint 
